[narrator] Previously on The Blacklist:
[Raymond] I knew her as Katarina Rostova,
one of her many names.
[Dom] People were looking for your mother.
She was being hunted.
[Dom] And she knew she needed
to disappear, to fade away.
[Raymond] As I feared would happen,
elements from Katarina's past are circling
Elizabeth like wolves in the night.
I'm not sure Elizabeth will ever be ready
to learn about what you did to Katarina.
[Raymond] I need to control
the danger to Elizabeth.
I've built a vast criminal network
predicated on that very principle.
Katarina.
-I've always helped you.
-You were never on my side.
-I'm your mother.
-A mother protects her children.
I did protect you by hiding you.
I didn't want you to be hunted.
I love you, Masha.
-[Raymond] You can't trust that woman.
-That woman is my mother.
Oh, she's just using that to exploit you.
If you hurt her, we're done.
[dramatic music playing]
Whatever happened, it's over.
No sign of Reddington or Keen.
[Park] No blood or spent shell casings.
We can get a forensic team.
Do it, but my guess is,
we won't find anything.
Reddington probably had
his cleaners on standby.
He didn't kill her. He wouldn't.
I mean, uh, it is Mr. Reddington,
but, guys, still, it's Liz's mother.
[Cooper] Agent Ressler,
any word from Keen?
[Ressler] Nothing. When she called
to tell me about Reddington,
it was on Dembe's cell.
If she still has it, she's not answering.
What about her phone?
[Ressler] She doesn't have it.
Reddington took it
and her weapon when they grabbed us.
Get to her apartment.
Agent Mojtabai, call Agnes's school.
Find out whether Keen picked her up.
[recording] You have reached
the voicemail box of...
-[Liz] Elizabeth Keen.
-[phone beeps]
[woman] Hey, Liz, it's Merritt.
I got your message.
Yes, of course. Agnes can always
come home with us after school.
I'm sure Kelly will be thrilled.
Hope work goes well.
[recording] Next message.
[Ressler] Keen, it's me.
We need to talk. Look, I'm not mad, okay?
But I'm worried about you.
Call me when you get this.
[recording] Next message.
[Katarina] All those years
searching for answers
and you were in front of me
the whole time.
[Raymond] For what it's worth,
I didn't know
what Dom was planning in Belgrade.
[Katarina] I believe you.
But after,
you let the world believe the lie.
You dangled me out there,
let everyone think I had the Archive.
And now I know why.
Because if they were chasing me,
it meant they weren't chasing you.
[Raymond] It's not quite that simple.
You're N-13, aren't you?
You framed me.
You fed me to Townsend as a patsy,
and Dominic knew and helped you do it.
[Raymond] I could have helped you.
The way I always have.
Kept you one step ahead.
But staying safe wasn't enough.
You needed answers.
Well, now you have them.
And now they've destroyed you.
[Katarina] What if I promise
never to tell a soul what I've learned?
[Raymond] Well, that would be
the last lie you ever told.
Raymond, we should go.
You think this was a mistake?
You ask a tactical question.
I see only an ethical one.
No.
-It was not a mistake, but it was wrong.
-Because of Elizabeth.
You've pushed her too far.
I wonder.
[dramatic music playing]
Most of her clothes are gone.
Where are you, Liz?
What are you doing?
Thank you, Miss Thomas.
How would you like to pay
for the room this evening?
Cash.
[Katarina on voicemail] You won't kill me.
You can't.
-[Raymond] Why is that?
-Elizabeth would never forgive you.
[Raymond] You don't know a damn thing
about Elizabeth.
[Katarina] Oh, that's not true.
I've gotten to know her.
So, she left her apartment.
What about Agnes?
I spoke to a woman named Merritt Marks.
She took Agnes home
with her daughter after school.
Now, Liz called her a few hours ago,
saying she had to leave town
for a work emergency
and asked her
to take Agnes for a few days.
So, we're nowhere.
We've lost track of Keen and her mother.
[Katarina] She chose me.
She's helping me.
She has no idea who you are.
Me? I'm her mother.
And even now, there's love there.
-[Raymond] I can't let you leave.
-[Katarina laughs]
My God, I can't imagine
what this must be like for you.
Knowing you can't kill me because
of how much Elizabeth loves her mother.
[gunshots on voicemail]
-[phone beeps]
-[suspenseful music playing]
[Cooper] That's right. Keen, Elizabeth.
It's just my gut,
but I don't think she left the city.
Thanks, Joe, I appreciate your discretion.
Do you have any idea how many favors
I've called in trying to find you?
He killed her.
Thank God you're okay.
Did you hear what I said?
It was an execution.
We went to the park.
We couldn't find any evidence.
That's why I'm here.
I have all the evidence you need.
[Katarina] I can't imagine
what this must be like for you.
Knowing you can't kill me because
of how much Elizabeth loves her mother.
[gunshot on voicemail]
[dramatic music playing]
You saw it happen?
With my own eyes, and I'll testify to it.
I don't care what happens to me,
but he can't get away with this.
Say something.
-I'm thinking.
-About what?
He murdered my mother.
A Russian spy who tried
to bleed him to death.
Who had your grandfather shot.
Who our intelligence bureaus believe
killed at least a dozen American agents
for the KGB and the Cabal.
I know what she's done.
-None of it justifies her execution.
-I'm not trying to justify it.
Like hell you're not.
You're making excuses.
Looking the other way like always.
I was clear with Reddington,
your mother was not to be harmed.
Well, he obviously took
that message to heart.
You know why he did it? Because he could.
He knew that no one was
gonna do anything about it.
-That's unfair.
-It's the truth.
When he shot her, I wanted to run.
Just get Agnes and go
where nobody would find us.
But I'm here because of you.
I thought maybe you were the one person
who still cared about what's right.
I won't be lectured by you
on professional ethics.
Reddington's out of control. I know.
I also know that I can't take him down
without taking you down with him.
-I don't care anymore.
-Then I'll care for you.
You kidnapped your grandfather.
A felony kidnapping charge alone
can destroy your life, send you to prison,
sever any relationship
you have with your daughter.
You may be disgusted by my silence,
Agent Keen, but you will benefit from it.
Everywhere I go, there's a man
who insists on protecting me.
Elizabeth.
If you want out, go.
But I hope you'll think about
what we do here before you decide.
It's over.
Maybe. But I'm asking you...
talk to Reddington first.
What he did is inexcusable.
But if you talk to him, if you could
get him to tell you why he did it,
it won't bring her back,
but it may start the process of healing.
It won't.
But for you, I'll consider it, sir.
If this is the last time
we see each other...
for the first time,
I wish you would call me Harold.
Even when you know I'm not gonna like it,
you've always been honest with me.
Very few people have.
Thank you for that...
Harold.
Any luck?
No calls. Running taps on her cell
and apartment lines
and a third on the friend
she asked to watch Agnes.
If anyone can find me, my money's on you.
You're here.
You look tired.
-Does Mr. Cooper know?
-Yeah, Cooper knows.
-So, you talked?
-Talked? Yeah.
Communicated? Not so much.
Don't worry. He's angry, but in a day--
-I don't know how to tell you this.
-He's gonna let you come back.
I don't want to come back.
I wanted to tell you in person
that I... have to step away for a bit,
and so I'm not gonna see you
for a while...
and I just want you to know
how grateful I am.
-Wow. This is so hard.
-Oh.
-Oh, wow, I'm so sorry.
-No, no, no.
I'll just, uh--
Hang on, I'll grab paper towels.
Sure.
[suspenseful music playing]
Coming.
[Raymond] It's just a part of life.
Watching the generation ahead of you,
the people you care about grow old.
At some point, you start to...
do the mental work necessary
to prepare yourself for the inevitable.
And yet, I'm afraid
I stand here, Marvin...
woefully unprepared.
There's no way
you could prepare for this, Raymond.
Dom didn't die of old age.
He was taken from you.
House won't be worth much.
It's a relic from another time,
like he was.
-You should bulldoze the house.
-Oh, yeah.
Skip, the house has
incredible emotional value.
Mr. Reddington has no interest
in bulldozing.
Ultimately, it's not my decision.
The house belongs to Elizabeth now.
[Raymond sighs]
-Why do you say bulldoze it?
-Value's in the land, not the house.
There's five acres. You subdivide.
Put a quarter-acre McMansion on each lot.
McMansion? Take my advice.
Stop while you're behind.
[chuckling] I must say,
it sounds pretty awful, Skip.
But send me a proposal. I'll forward it.
God knows if it were up to me,
given my recent bouts with mortality,
I find myself more and more
in the liquidation phase.
You are not going anywhere.
As your lawyer, I forbid it.
But while we're on the subject...
You want to know if I still intend
to leave everything of mine to Elizabeth?
[suspenseful music playing]
Agent Keen,
what brings you down to the dungeon?
Hey, Mark. Uh, Agent Mojtabai is running
some urgent wiretaps
and he asked me to drop this off for him.
Whoa, you don't see that every day.
What do you got going on?
Same as always. Causing trouble
for the worst of the worst.
I figured you couldn't tell me.
Hang on. Should be just a few minutes.
You don't want me to change your will,
even after she took sides against you?
Okay. So, today she opposes me.
Maybe tomorrow.
But not forever. Look at Dom and I.
There were years when he hated me.
Many more bad years than good.
And yet, in the end...
we found our way to each other.
It's Elizabeth.
Elizabeth.
I told you what would happen
if you hurt my mother.
Where are you?
-You killed her in the park. I saw it.
-I know what you saw.
And it wasn't everything
you thought you saw.
I told Cooper I'm done.
I'm taking Agnes, and we're leaving,
and you're gonna let us go.
Not until we talk.
-We're talking now.
-Not like this.
There's a lake near Dom's house.
I'm scattering his ashes there
this afternoon.
Meet us at the house
and we can talk on the way.
And if after our talk,
you still feel the same...
you can say your goodbyes to us both.
When?
Two p.m.
Is that a yes?
I'll be there.
You see, Marvin?
It may feel at times like the end,
but our story isn't over yet.
Here you go. Careful, now.
Thanks. Wish us luck.
You won't need it.
I don't know your target,
but if you use that right,
he won't know what hit him.
[dramatic music playing]
Keen.
-How'd you find me?
-Doesn't matter. Point is I did.
If Cooper sent you to ask me
to come back, I'm not.
Okay, first of all, he didn't ask me to.
He doesn't even know I'm here.
And second, I agree,
you shouldn't come back.
-Is that what you came to say?
-I came to say you're both right.
Charging Reddington isn't an option
if it means that you go down with him.
But... you coming back to work
like nothing ever happened,
well, it's also not an option.
-I gotta go.
-What are you doing here?
-You left your apartment, parked Agnes--
-That's temporary.
Until what?
-What's going on with your car?
-Nothing. Just--
-The passenger door was sticking.
-Want me to take a look?
No. I fixed it.
I know you.
We've been partners a long time,
which is why I know you have
no intention of letting this rest.
-I'm worried about you.
-Join the club.
You, Cooper, Reddington,
the crew can sit around
and talk about what's best for Liz.
That's not fair. I care about you.
There's nothing wrong with me saying that.
Are we done? Like I said, I gotta go.
Yeah.
We're done, Allison.
How'd you know that, my alias?
[snickers]
You got drunk one night at Wing Yee.
You told me.
So, that's how you found me.
I'm gonna miss celebrating
your birthday there.
Ressler.
I'll think about what you said, I promise.
I'm glad you came.
We have a lot to talk about.
What's your plan?
To try and sell me half-truths
that I could never verify...
or to confuse me with doublespeak?
-There is an explanation.
-No.
Only a confession.
I watched you kill her.
And before you try to explain
how you didn't...
[Katarina] My God, I can't imagine
what this must be like for you.
Knowing you can't kill me because
of how much Elizabeth loves her mother.
[gunshots on voicemail]
[dramatic music playing]
My mother prepared me for this moment.
She gave me all the proof
I would ever need.
If you came to play me that recording,
you've done it.
You can take it and go...
or you can stay while we lay
your grandfather to rest...
and perhaps have a conversation.
Fine.
You ride with me. We'll talk on the way.
Good idea.
Dembe and I will go ahead
and meet you at the lake.
Dembe.
Traveler is down.
We need a mobile triage. Come on.
No more than a ten-mile radius
outside 236 Glenellen, outside Sharptown.
Get in.
Listen to me. You are not allowed to die.
Do you hear me?
Okay. Hang in. Hang in.
Whatever happens, he loves you.
You know that, right?
You chose that woman over him,
and he still wants
to leave everything to you.
That woman was my mother.
And he killed her.
I don't want anything from him.
What are you doing here?
You're on call for an emergency.
At a mobile unit. Not here.
This is a public emergency room.
-How am I supposed to--?
-[Dembe] I spoke to the colonel.
Closest mobile unit's 17 minutes out.
He needs help now.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'll handle it.
Mr. Cooper, I need your help.
I'm sorry, but I can't.
We're trying to help your friend,
but we need your help.
He doesn't have insurance.
And that's fine, but he has
to have personal information.
Family history, medications?
And as I explained to Miss Keats,
I can only share those details
with his attending physician.
His attending doesn't enter him
into my system.
-I don't want him in your system.
-[woman 1] Mr. Vaughn.
What's really going on here?
Who is that man?
[woman 2] Who are you?
His spiritual advisor.
What kind of spiritual advisor
carries a gun in a hospital?
Dembe, how is he?
Not good. They're doing tests now.
Who are you, another spiritual advisor?
No.
I'm the assistant director of the FBI,
and I need you to get
your security team here.
Tell them to secure this floor.
Lock it down.
-[Esi] Woman, are you out of your mind?
-Yes.
-You want to murder Reddington.
-I tried.
-I need your help to finish the job.
-And why exactly would I do that?
Because you know he's gonna kill you.
That's why you're working with him.
He threatened your life,
forced you to turn on me.
What do you think happens to you
when you're no longer of use to him?
[suspenseful music playing]
Esi, I understand if you don't want
to do it. I'll figure something out.
But I'm gonna kill him
with or without your help.
How?
The how is the easy part.
I gotta get to him first.
You know where he is?
Everheart Memorial Hospital, in lockdown,
surrounded by an army of FBI agents
in protective detail.
Being assisted by hospital security
who have every inch of that building
secure with CCTV.
Not to mention his body man
and the security team,
which is en route if not already there.
Let me.
What?
I can get to him. Reddington trusts me.
I'm part of his team.
He'll kill you if he finds out.
Didn't you just say
he was gonna kill me anyway?
Yes.
I don't doubt it.
His threats to me were very real.
And I'd rather get this done
than be dragged into the grave with him.
Okay.
-Here's what I was thinking.
-[elevator dings]
Our best option is
to just lean into the truth.
All it will take is one call
to cause pandemonium.
Hold on. What's going on?
Gib Horn. U.S. marshal.
An anonymous caller gave us a tip.
You have a fugitive on-site.
-What are you talking about?
-Don't play dumb.
Raymond Reddington. Where is he?
Now, the marshals will cause a diversion,
but we're still fighting the clock
because everyone
in Reddington's inner circle is working
to move him as fast as they can
from the hospital to a secure site.
Yes. He's medicated and under observation.
-But he's not stable enough to be moved.
-Well, he's not safe here.
-You shouldn't have brought him here.
-We didn't have a choice.
No. What we have is a protocol.
Sir, we have a situation.
-He's a fugitive. He's our responsibility.
-Not if we're guarding him.
-What does that mean, "guarding him"?
-Harold Cooper. What the hell is going on?
Gib Horn, U.S. marshals.
I'm here to take the top fugitive
from your Most Wanted list into custody.
-Is that gonna be a problem?
-That's... complicated.
How about you uncomplicate it?
Our other ticking clock is Aram.
-Who's Aram?
-He's a very smart colleague of mine.
I got my hands on the weapon
by using one of his requisition forms.
It's not gonna take him long
to figure out something's wrong.
Yes, I'm positive.
Meaning, no, I didn't request it.
-Can you please check the logs for me?
-[Esi] Hold on just one second.
Say we call in the marshals
and they cause this mess,
and say your Aram friend
doesn't figure out
that you've stolen military-grade
explosives from the FBI locker,
and say, just for the sake of argument,
that I do get inside that hospital...
we're still gonna have to come up
with some story
in order for Reddington's guards
to let me near him.
That's the beauty of it.
We don't need a story.
All you have to do is tell them the truth.
What exactly is the truth?
[Bud] Dembe, she won't tell me.
She says it's urgent
and she needs to speak to you directly.
Esi, the feds have cleared the floor.
They're not even letting
the marshals see him, let alone you.
I don't care what you all want
to believe or not. I'm telling you,
Elizabeth Keen is on her way here now
to murder Raymond Reddington.
That's not what I'm saying.
We're not even confirming he's here.
I'm not asking you. I know he's here,
or you wouldn't have cleared the floor.
I'm asking what JTTF you work for.
Get her out of the meeting.
I don't care who she's with.
Tell her Harold Cooper has
a mission request that's urgent.
-He can't verify because we're off book.
-Somebody sure as hell calls the shots.
Okay, I've got DOJ on the line.
If you give me just a few minutes.
Deacon spoke to Judge Wolf.
-A court order is in the works.
-Okay, hold on.
I'll hold till my court order comes.
Then we're taking Reddington.
Cynthia, it's me.
I need you to make a phone call.
[elevator dings]
[suspenseful music playing]
Talk to me.
She came to me, said she needed my help.
Said she was gonna kill him.
Elizabeth said this?
Yes. She sounded crazy.
She said something about her mother,
how he killed her, how she couldn't
let him get away with it.
Okay, calm down.
There are police everywhere.
He's well-protected.
You don't get it. She knows he's here.
She told me to come see you
to get her his location.
Elizabeth is coming here?
She'll never make it past the perimeter.
Don't underestimate Elizabeth.
Get back downstairs.
Tell me what she's planning.
[Esi] I don't know,
only that she wanted me to be her eyes.
Said she wanted me
to give her his room number.
Let me see your phone.
-[Liz] Esi, hey. What's going on?
-If you're gonna do it, do it now.
-Is it clear?
-Yes, like you said.
They cleared the floor. He's in room 312.
-Hurry.
-I'm already in the building.
Liz, you gotta get here now.
I'm in the east stairwell.
Headed your way. Get out. Go.
And, Esi...
thank you.
Bud, Elizabeth is in the building,
east stairwell.
Do not leave his side.
[Ressler] What requisition form?
From my desk. Liz used it
to withdraw 16 ounces of Semtex
from our requisition lockup
at 10:42 this morning.
She's coming for Reddington.
Aram, get here now.
Park, notify Cooper.
-Keen's coming for Reddington.
-I know. She's in the building now.
How do you know that?
We need to move Raymond. He's not safe.
Park, tell Cooper to mobilize
the Medevac unit.
We gotta get Reddington out of here now.
-Why? What happened?
-Keen is in the building.
It's okay.
Go to sleep. It's just a dream.
-What's going on? Who are you?
-Esi Jackson.
Dembe asked me to stay with Reddington.
You gotta go. It's not safe.
Park, where are we on that Medevac?
-You gotta go now.
-[Cooper] Agent Ressler.
Pilot just arrived.
Get Reddington to the helipad.
Copy that. We're on our way.
[muttering]
-[Raymond] Esi--
-What the hell's that?
-Is that thing what I think it is?
-Hey!
You-- Go now. Get out.
Park, I need a bomb squad unit in 312 now.
Where is she?
She was never here.
[cell phone buzzes]
[beeps]
[beeping]
Donald, don't pull it.
[dramatic music playing]
[Liz] You finished all of them.
Every worksheet?
Oh, that's fantastic, honey.
[knock on door]
You want to know what else is fantastic?
After today, Mommy's not gonna have
to leave for work ever again.
Okay, whatever's going on at the hospital,
that is some bull.
-What a silly question, Agnes.
-Wrap it up. We gotta talk.
What do you think I'm gonna do?
I'm gonna be with you.
I have to take care of one last thing,
and then I'm coming to get you, okay?
Goodbye, munchkin.
Mama loves you very much.
Munchkin is right because we are
somewhere over some kind of rainbow.
-What'd you find out?
-Not a damn thing.
-What do you mean? We heard the explosion.
-What I mean is, I don't know.
I mean, I do know.
He couldn't have survived.
But no one would confirm it.
You know the whole "if a tree fell,
did anyone hear it" thing?
-This is like that.
-Except this is a bomb,
and people definitely heard it.
Tell me again.
Is there a possibility that anyone
other than Reddington was hurt?
Not if your plan would've worked.
But your agent friend--
The agent you said went into the room.
Is there any way he made it out in time?
I don't think so.
I'm sorry.
Was he a good friend?
[Aram] Hello?
-Are you at the hospital?
-Agent Keen.
Aram, are you there?
If by "there" you mean
at the scene of your crime...
yes, I'm there.
And Reddington, is he--?
Do not ask me to bear witness
to what you've done.
So... he's dead.
I know about the requisition form.
How you forged my signature.
Thanks to you, I am a coconspirator
to attempted murder.
-Did you say "attempted"?
-I looked it up. I knew what it was.
But I thought I would double-check.
I can go to jail for life for each count.
"Each count"?
That is two life sentences.
With my luck,
they won't even be served concurrently.
Aram, listen to me.
You gotta tell me what happened.
Mr. Reddington survived.
And Ressler?
-The doctors are with him now.
-But he's gonna be okay?
Aram.
I was just thinking...
next time I see you...
you'll be under arrest.
[Cooper] You saved Reddington's life.
Is that a compliment or a criticism?
And the lives of everyone on this floor.
I just-- I can't understand how Liz could
have been okay with any of this.
I don't think she was.
I think she knew the protocols
would leave Reddington vulnerable.
I'm sure once forensics are run
on the explosive device,
it'll indicate the blast radius
was limited to Reddington's room.
And that's okay?
Absolutely not.
Just because I don't believe
she intended to hurt anyone else
doesn't mean it's okay
she tried to kill Reddington.
-What's the prognosis, doc?
-Some lacerations will require stitches.
And I've ordered a CT scan
to check for internal bleeding.
But all things considered, I'd say
you're in miraculously good shape.
[sighs] Pretty hot.
-The marshal wants a word.
-The warrant.
If he got it, it's over.
I think it's over either way.
[suspenseful music playing]
-I assume that's your court order.
-It should be.
-But?
-But you've got some serious juice.
A cease-and-desist order from
the deputy AG herself and a gag order.
My team's gonna have to sign NDAs
like this never happened.
It's nothing personal.
I appreciate your needing
to dot your I's and cross your T's.
In your position,
I would have done the same.
But you're not in my position.
I'm here to arrest a criminal.
You're protecting him.
-Our task force does good work.
-I'm sure you do, sometimes.
But what that order tells me
is you've got a tiger by the tail.
And for every job well done,
there's a corner that gets cut,
a rule gets bent, an I that doesn't
get dotted, a T that doesn't get crossed.
And... Nothing personal.
But if I was you,
I couldn't live with myself.
[Esi] Well, this sure worked out.
Now we've got Reddington after us
and the FBI.
[Liz] It's gonna be okay.
Really? How?
Because this right here, this is about
as not okay as I've ever felt.
Eighty-six bodies.
What?
A few years ago, Reddington's cleaner
unearthed the bodies
of 86 people he'd killed.
Handed them over to the FBI.
Evidence of 86 murders.
And he's still out there.
I've seen how he does it,
stays one step ahead.
I know how he does it.
And we can do it, too.
Dembe, it's me. Put him on.
Admit it. When you thought I was gone,
you realized how dull
life would be without me.
If by "dull" you mean normal, then yes.
And it was very peaceful.
-What do you want?
-To thank you.
You told me to think like a criminal,
and now I am one.
You prepared me for this.
Maybe because you knew it was inevitable,
but because you did, I'm ready.
And I'm coming for you.
-That would be a mistake.
-I don't think so.
You're sick. You're old.
You're an easy target.
[scoffs]
Yes. I have my liabilities.
But then, of course,
I have so many assets.
Well, I have something you'll never have.
And what is that?
I'm willing to kill you.
You don't have it in you to kill me.
And you never will.
And that's why I'm gonna win.
What a terrible waste of your life.
Maybe, but it's my life.
Keen.
-Are you okay?
-You shouldn't be here.
I spoke to Aram,
and when he told me you'd been hurt--
You know we're gonna have
to come after you.
When I thought you wouldn't make it...
Ouch.
[Ressler grunts]
I'm sorry.
You should be. You nearly killed me.
I know.
And when I thought I had...
nothing else mattered.
I'm a fugitive again.
And you have to come for me,
but before you do,
before I start running...
I need to rest.
Even if it's just for one night.
Will you let me do that?
[monitor beeping]
[knock on door]
I need help.
About what happened with Katarina.
Help me understand why you did it.
The truth is, after all these years,
I'm not sure...
I understand all of it myself.
Harold, uh...
I know how you feel about Elizabeth.
Yet...
you killed her mother.
How could you do that to someone you love?
What you did to her,
what you did to Katarina,
I don't think
Elizabeth will ever forgive you for it.
She might.
Someday.
But before then...
I fear she may...
do something that...
she can never recover from.
And of all the tragedies that
you and I have experienced together...
that would be the most tragic.
We have to do--
Do everything in our power
to prevent that from happening.
I agree.
Good.
But... how do we even start?
By putting Elizabeth Keen
at the top of the Blacklist.
[closing theme playing]